docs(netlify): add installation section (#173)
nimbella/command-sets: netlify/README.md

Interact with Netlify directly from Slack using Nimbella Commander.

## Installation

> Please make sure you've Commander in your [Slack team](https://slack.com/apps/AS833QXL0-nimbella-commander) before executing this Slash command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure you have already installed Commander in your [Slack team](https://slack.com/apps/AS833QXL0-nimbella-commander) before executing this Slash command.
```
